[Tagged: Capabilities articles] Linkify and check all hashtags (#4722)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/badging-api/index.md

Chrome team to prioritize features, and shows other browser vendors how critical
it is to support them.

> * Send a tweet to [@ChromiumDev](https://twitter.com/chromiumdev) tagged with the hashtag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Send a tweet to [@ChromiumDev](https://twitter.com/chromiumdev) using the hashtag
```

Author: Made this call to action consistent in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/4722/commits/a2da5b8fc1d23310762c809a007b709e24c1a909.
